Question 1 What security controls (specifically to prevent attacks on data) does Third Wave
Analytics have in place to protect against malware and other threats (Ex. DDoS
mitigation, IDS) that may target your platform or customer data?
A1 Third Wave’s Platform uses Salesforce as Data Processor/Controller, making Lockbox
LIMS a combined solution with the Customer (in this case Rapid Novor) acting as the Data
Fiduciary (responsible for data).
Third Wave employees and contractors, as part of their job responsibilities, may have
access to Customer data contained within Customer instances of Lockbox LIMS, although this
is not explicitly required. As such, employees, subcontractors, and anyone delivering services
on behalf of Third Wave are contractually obligated to understand and comply with all applicable
policies, including Third Wave’s Information Security Policy IT-POL-5601 and Third Wave’s
Information Security Roles & Responsibilities Policy IT-POL-5602.

\

Q2 What measures are in place when Third Wave Analytics employees are remotely
accessing the company's networks and systems, more explicitly interacting with
customers' data and platforms held on your LIMS system on Salesforce?
A2 In addition to the Technical Safeguards listed above in A1, here are the highlights of
some administrative controls mandated by Third Wave Policies applicable to remote access of
Customer Orgs:
- Taking physical receipt of sensitive data is prohibited, for example onto a Third Wave
Team Member’s local HD. Exceptions to this policy have been reviewed by management
and additional planning and protections were put in place to identify the specific means
of transport, limit dissemination and access to such data at its destination, through to the
deletion/destruction of such data at the completion of work.
- Sensitive data is not to be shared via email, is not to be viewed during screen-sharing
meetings, and generally is not to be interacted with unless explicitly required to perform
the duties of the job. This applies to all members of all entities involved in the delivery of
professional services.
- No less than annual Information Security and HIPAA Training, including focus on
protecting Customer information technology assets, including specific evidencing of
acknowledging policy compliance.
- Clean desk policy, avoiding over the shoulder reading of data, lock screens, maintaining
physical and/or secure control of laptops at all times.
- Periodic Access Reviews
- HR led Team Member background and reference checks.

\

Q3 How are you ensuring the security of the company's cloud infrastructure
(Salesforce)? What authentication and access control mechanisms have you
implemented for your Salesforce environment, and how are they managed?
A3 Third Wave utilizes Salesforce internally for several business critical functions. A
highlight of authentication and access controls include common Salesforce configuration
choices including:
- Org.-wide MFA required
- Session time-outs which force logout
-Lock sessions to the domain in which they were first used
- Enforce login IP ranges on every request
- Click-jack protection
- New User Link Expiration
- Reasonable Password Policies including 90 day resets, complexity requirements, etc

- Business appropriate sharing settings, use of profiles and permission sets
- Periodic Access Reviews

\

Q4 How is Third Wave Analytics protecting against insider threats and assuring
unauthorized access to sensitive data or systems does not occur?
A4 Third Wave works to protect its data and systems, including Customer data and
systems, from insider threats through close management and engagement of team members,
periodic access reviews, least privilege, and where possible segregation of duties (SOD).
Investigations would utilize system logs such as Field Audit Trail, Setup Audit Trail, Login
History, and other detective control activities as applicable.

\

Q5 How is Third Wave Analytics ensuring that customer data handled by Third Wave
Analytics is encrypted at rest and in transit, both on Salesforce and off?
A5 Third Wave Team Members are obligated by policy to encrypt data at rest on their local
HDDs using BitLocker for Windows or FileVault for MacOS. Transmission of sensitive data via
email, ftp, and other insecure, non-encrypted methods are prohibited.

\

Q6 How is Third Wave Analytics ensuring that all partners and third parties that Third
Wave Analytics uses to offer and develop their products are adhering to the same
security standards as the company?
A6 Lockbox LIMS is only available for purchase through Third Wave (‘offer”), and further we
have not entered into any business relationships which would allow third parties to implement or
develop on top of Lockbox LIMS (“develop”). In addition, all Team Members are required to sign
a Third Wave business agreement which in all cases obligates such Team Members to comply
with Third Wave policies and to act in accordance with Third Wave norms and values.

\

Q7 Does Third Wave Analytics have an appropriate incident response & disaster
recovery plan in place in the event a security incident, breach, or disaster occurs?
A7 Yes, as per Third Wave’s Breach Response Plan QA-SOP-2904 and Third Wave’s
Business Continuity Backup Restore and Disaster Recovery Policy IT-POL-5600.

\


Q8 How do you (or do you have a plan) communicate with stakeholders, including
employees, customers, and regulators, regarding cybersecurity practices, certifications,
and incidents?
A8 Please see Third Wave’s Breach Response Plan Section 7.13 which covers Method(s) of
Notification.

\

Q9 What measures are in place to ensure compliance with applicable regulations,
such as PHIPA, GDPR or HIPAA?
A9 A combination of administrative, physical, and technical safeguards are in place to
ensure compliance with such regulations. Prior responses cover many of the administrative and
technical safeguards.
Specific to Physical controls, here is a summary of those controls applicable to our Corporate
Office at 7 Joost Ave Ste 201:
- Alarm System
- Door Locks (One key at the street level entrance and a different key for the door which
acts as the entrance to Suit 201)
- Clean Desk Policy
It is noted that with the increase of work from home arrangements, further updates to policies,
procedures, and training is required and planned to address this evolving risk.


\

Q10 What security certifications does the company (not individual employees) hold
and how do they impact cybersecurity practices?
A10 Third Wave does not currently hold any security certifications. The following is a
summary of the information security & compliance professional experience of Third Wave’s
Security Officer, Chris Gawronski:
● Privately-Owned Global Optics Company:
○ Led ISO 9000 Compliance efforts specific to Engineering and Design which
contributed to passing an external audit.

● Publicly Traded Global Analytical Instrumentation Company:
○ Information Security Officer, responsible for securing company and Customer
data along with reporting to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
○ Head of Enterprise Applications, responsible for Sarbanes-Oxley Compliance
Program and supporting External Financial Audits
○ Head of Information Technology, responsible for influencing and enacting
technology strategy globally
■ Legal Discovery Technical Lead
■ Collaborated with San Francisco FBI Field-Office on Information Security
Awareness Training and On-going risk assessment.

This experience, along with collaboration with other expert consultants, informs Third Wave’s
cyber-security program and related practices.

\

Q11 When updates are done on the Lockbox platform, how is Third Wave Analytics
assuring each update or release is being upheld to the same cyber security standard as
the previous version?
A11 In addition to Third Wave’s SDLC process, Third Wave submits to Salesforce’s
AppExchange Security Review. Third Wave provides the code, metadata, and data which
comprises the Lockbox LIMS Managed Package to Salesforce, and in return Salesforce “tests
the security posture of your solution, including how well it protects customer data.” Finally, we
have worked directly with one of the largest and most well known companies in the Partner
Support space, Code Science, and had them further review our managed package for best
practices around information security and scalability.

\

Q12 How have you configured your Salesforce environment to ensure security and
compliance with regulations? What security testing and vulnerability assessment
mechanisms have you implemented for your Salesforce environment?
A12 Responses above in A3 cover many of the configuration choices made by Third Wave to
secure its own Salesforce environment from a Technical Safeguards perspective. Currently, we
do not conduct any vulnerability assessments, but do periodically review configuration settings
for appropriateness to then-current regulations and Third Wave’s information security posture.